>> Today on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are with Ricardo Gonzalez,
Peruvian author and researcher
who has experienced multiple
direct contacts with an
extraterrestrial species called
the Apunians.
Today we are talking about the
contact portal on Mount Hermon.
Ricardo, welcome to the show.
>> Thank you.
(SPEAKING THROUGH
INTERPRETER) Yes,
I've had the opportunity to
go to Israel more than once.
It's a fascinating place.
On one occasion,
I had the chance
to visit the sacred mountain
of Israel, Mount Hermon.
It's more like a
chain of mountains
beyond Israel, which also
includes Lebanon and Syria.
It's a very dangerous place with
significant military presence
because it is a tri-border area.
The Israeli military
actually has a base
at the summit of Mount Hermon.
But according to
information I have,
the military there is not just
protecting this tri-border
but also some type of
singularity or phenomenon--
a portal that can be
found on Mount Hermon.
At another time, you asked
me if there was a difference
between dimensional portals.
There are dimensional portals
that may provide information.
Others, to have a
personal experience there.
And as we discussed
in another interview,
some have galactic
jurisdiction, if you will.
>> Is there an entry point
there that also goes through
the three countries
that you're aware of?
>> (SPEAKING THROUGH
INTERPRETER) The whole area
of Mount Hermon mountain
chain is special,
but the main singularity is
found in Israeli territory.
It's a time portal that connects
to different times of the Earth
and that connects to other
realities far beyond our world.
For this reason, that place
was chosen in the past
to be at the center of
several historic events,
including one of
extraterrestrial origin.
>> Tell us about that.
>> (SPEAKING THROUGH
INTERPRETER) A long time ago,
thousands of our years, a
mission of extraterrestrials
was sent to Earth.
These beings looked human, with
human-like appearance like us.
These beings are known
and experienced contact
as guardians or watchers.
These guardians' or watchers'
purpose was just that--
to observe and watch over humans
in that Middle East region.
But these beings made a mistake.
Even though they were very
developed extraterrestrials
and had a very
specific role, they
found themselves involved
with an external influence--
an unknown influence
that upset them
and caused them
to make mistakes.
These beings chose to
land in what is now
known as Mount
Hermon because it is
one of the most important
time portals in this world.
At that time, they then
mixed with the daughters
of humankind--
the daughters of Earth.
These beings were not
angels, like a lot
of the ancient scriptures say.
We're talking about
cosmonauts from other worlds.
So these beings
from other worlds
mixed with the
women of the Earth
because they were
anatomically compatible.
In the scriptures,
their hybrid children
are described as
a race of Giants--
three generations of Giants--
where one of them were
named Nephilim or Nephili.
The important thing
about this case
that happened on Mount
Hermon is that it preceded
other hybridization
episodes that happened
in different parts of
the world, generating
a prohibited race of Giants--
children of extraterrestrials
and Earth women.
In a very old text known
as the Book of Enoch,
it is said that 200 beings
descended on Mount Hermon.
Their commander
was named Samyaza,
and he, with all the
group under his command,
taught forbidden
knowledge to the humans.
Aside from creating
hybridisation
with Earth women,
when this occurred,
the extraterrestrial alliance
that was monitoring our world
separated these beings from
the process of our world.
Because of this
mistake that they made,
they were relieved
of their duties,
and the Giant children were
gathered together and taken
to lands far from where
human beings lived
because the Giants should not
mix with the human process,
because they were children
of extraterrestrials.
But some of these Giants
wanted to live with humans
because they were also human,
because their mothers were
human.
But the alliance that was
monitoring planet Earth
isolated them and gathered them
in an archipelago of islands
in the Atlantic Ocean,
isolated from the rest
of the cultures of the world.
But at some point,
these Giants began
to leave their
confinement and tried
to mingle with humanity again.
That race of Giants
is extinct now.
They disappeared.
Humans hunted them down and
allowed them to become extinct.
However, nevertheless, something
very important happened.
These Giants also
created hybridisation
with some women of
the Earth, and trend
spurred part of that
first hybridisation that
happened on Mount Hermon.
The original Giants
of Mount Hermon
were born with polidactilia.
>> And is this the
Anunnaki story?
>> (SPEAKING THROUGH
INTERPRETER) When we speak
of the Anunnaki, we're actually
referring to an old Sumerian
legend.
Because Anu was the
deity of the heavens,
and those who came
from the heavens
and arrived on the Earth
could be called Anunnaki--
in other words,
extraterrestrials.
With that, indeed,
they were sons of Anu--
sons of the heavens.
In fact, in the Bible,
in Genesis chapter 6,
it says that the sons of
heaven, the children of God,
when they saw how beautiful
the daughters of men
were, they came together
and bore giants.
The Bible also
mentions that they
were born with six fingers--
six fingers on each hand
and six toes on each foot.
In other words, 24
digits in total--
something very interesting
in this genetic mutation,
if it occurred that way.
So we're talking about an
extraterrestrial species
with a human appearance
that we could
relate to the myth
of the Anunnaki
who joined certain
groups of human beings
and bore giant
children, which placed
the Homo sapiens
evolutionary process at risk.
And this started
on Mount Hermon,
then it was repeated in other
areas of the Middle East,
including North Africa,
like in Algeria or Egypt.
However, the story has somehow
continued even to this day.
2000 years ago, Jesus
Christ, Jesus of Nazareth,
traveled to Mount Hermon,
and it was on that mountain
where he experienced
his transfiguration.
It was not on Mount Tabor
like many Christians currently
believe.
It was on Mount Hermon.
Because, in fact, the
scriptures mentioned
that Jesus was with his
disciples by Caesarea Philippi.
According to ancient
scriptures like the Bible,
Jesus was around Mount
Hermon before going up
to the Mount of Transfiguration.
The Mount of Transfiguration
is Mount Hermon.
Jesus went up it in the company
of some of his disciples,
and on the mountain high,
two figures appeared.
One of them was Elijah,
and the other was Moses--
two individuals who
had already had contact
experiences in the
past, who had had
their encounters with the
chariots of fire of the angels.
In fact, some of
his disciples wanted
to erect three tents for Jesus
and his invisible, or bright,
companions.
Peter the disciple
was completely
shocked seeing Jesus walking
with these luminous beings.
Why did all of
this happen there?
Because it's a time portal,
and important people
from other times
met with Jesus then.
After this ascension
to Mount Hermon
is when the final
and fundamental part
of Jesus's mission began.
Jesus went to Mount
Hermon because he
was looking for water.
The water there
on Mount Hermon is
very special for these
dimensional portals.
We can't forget that Jesus
began his public ministry
at the Jordan River where he was
baptized by John the Baptist.
The Jordan River
originates at Mount Hermon.
Jesus, after being baptized,
goes to the source.
So on Mount Hermon is where
Jesus had that contact.
And with that
contact, he attempted
to seal the mistake of the
200 angels from the past.
We're talking about 200
extraterrestrial beings made
a mistake on that mountain.
The Giants were born.
And thousands of
years later, Jesus
was going to that
same mountain to close
something that had been opened.
Now there we find one of the
most dangerous military places
in the world.
This is obviously
not a coincidence,
but I do insist on something.
The legacy of the brotherhood
of the six fingers
that comes from this
lineage of Giants
is still alive today
in shamanic circles,
and it is one of the
biggest, deepest secrets
of the dimensional portals.
>> Who are these shamans,
and what is their practice
and message?
>> (SPEAKING THROUGH
INTERPRETER) We don't have
to go too far to
understand it, Emery.
There's a place that
I'm sure very well
here in your country--
New Mexico.
Many things have happened
there linked to UFO phenomena.
But much before the existence of
all these cases of crafts that
crashed in New Mexico,
very important,
Native American
communities existed,
indigenous to the area--
shamans, who left very special
marks and signs in petroglyphs.
For example, in
their petroglyphs,
there are references
to strange entities
and also markings of
hands with six fingers.
For example, at Three
Rivers Park, right?
>> Yes.
I'm very familiar with this,
of course, because, you know,
I'm from there.
And the most amazing
thing is I can definitely
attest to the petroglyphs
because I've seen them myself
there with the six fingers.
How does New Mexico
connect to Mount Hermon?
>> (SPEAKING THROUGH
INTERPRETER) The connection,
first of all, is historical.
Because if we consider what the
Bible says, the Book of Enoch
that I was referring
to, in the context
of extraterrestrial information
that I affirm that I have
received, the first
Giants with six digits
appeared on Mount Hermon.
From the descendents
of these Giants
emerged the anomaly
of six fingers
that has been inherited
over time up to our day.
When someone in
a shamanic circle
is born with six fingers on
either their hand or foot,
they're considered to
be a child of the gods,
not knowing this story of
Mount Hermon, of course.
But in their shamanic beliefs,
a boy or a girl with six digits
was a child of the gods.
They were special.
Within the shamanic circle,
when a special place
was found, where
a child with six
digits with psychic
abilities had identified
a vortex, to mark that
place and not forget it,
they would leave an imprint
with six fingers in cave art,
either with petroglyphs
or with paint.
Not only in New Mexico
but, specifically,
throughout the
Americas, many places
of contact that are
known in the Americas
have petroglyphs or paintings
of hands with six fingers.
This is also related to
a more recent migration
that happened in the
Americas from the East,
where the last guardians
of knowledge from the Altai
Mountains in Siberia,
in the last Ice Age,
according to what our
historians believe,
they crossed over to America
going all the way to South
America.
>> What's the connection
between Jesus and these
extraterrestrials
from Mount Hermon?
>> (SPEAKING THROUGH
INTERPRETER) There's a very
profound connection
between Jesus in the flesh
and extraterrestrial contact.
But before I delve
into this topic,
allow me to say a few things.
For the people who are watching
me now in this interview,
I am very respectful of
all religious beliefs,
but I also believe that
our religions have often
manipulated our
historical events.
I have a deep respect
for the great people
in the history of humanity,
like Moses, Buddha, or Jesus,
for example.
I consider Jesus to be an
actual historical figure--
beyond faith and religion
and what was later created--
and I say this with
the deepest respect.
Having said that, Jesus is
one of the most important
hierarchies of this planet.
For these beings
from other worlds,
these extraterrestrials,
Jesus is
one of the figures of this
Earth who has shown them truly
how illuminated humans may be.
According to them,
his birth was planned.
His life was monitored.
Jesus was not an
extraterrestrial.
But according to the information
that I have received,
extraterrestrials were observing
the historic events of his life
because they knew that the
things that happened to Jesus
were going to be extraordinarily
influential in the Earth's
history.
Jesus' life is full of peculiar
events linked to the UFO
phenomena, starting with
the star that was guiding
the wise men to his birthplace.
Aside from what some
astronomers believe
about an alignment or
other celestial signs,
we're talking about an
actual bright object
in the sky that was moving
and that was stopping,
guiding the three wise men.
All Jesus' life was followed
by the extraterrestrials,
and Mount Hermon was
a culminating event.
I feel that the friendly
group of extraterrestrials
that I've spoken
about wanted Jesus
to be able to close something
up on Mount Hermon--
the mistake that was made by
the other group of beings.
This would mean that the
portal on Mount Hermon
would be closed and secure.
But every so often,
there are small cracks
of time in that portal.
When these open up, events
are affected on our planet.
I have information that there
is an active crack right now
on Mount Hermon that coincides
with all of the world events
that we're facing right
now, but this time there's
no Jesus to come seal it up.
Humanity itself
has to take action
to withstand this influence.
I know how all this sounds.
I know that it sounds crazy.
But if you research the story
of angels and Jesus' life,
you can contrast it with ufology
and extraterrestrial contacts.
You will be very,
very surprised.
>> So why do you call this
place a portal of time?
>> (SPEAKING THROUGH
INTERPRETER) Basically, Emery,
all portals that are within
dimensions are time portals.
But there are some special
points on planet Earth
that are great time portals
in and of themselves.
Because in those vortexes,
different historical realities
are superimposed, not
just the Earth's timeline
but also other
historic timelines
beyond the Earth itself.
Those vortexes on Earth that
have this special power,
I call those the
great portals of time.
The two biggest ones
that I have seen,
Mount Hermon that
I'm mentioning now,
which I haven't
experienced yet but I
have this information,
and the other one
that I have experienced at
the heart of the Gobi Desert
in Mongolia.
>> So this crack that you
speak of, who is behind that?
>> (SPEAKING THROUGH
INTERPRETER) Obviously,
it's not an influence
that, as humans,
we would consider
friendly or positive.
It is an influence that has the
signature of the fallen angels
of Mount Hermon and also of
some of their Giant children
who were jealous of humanity.
And that energy is
trapped in this world.
It can confuse.
It can interfere.
And it is one of the
black books of ufology
that has inspired a lot of
conspiracy theories and books
exaggerating or
distorting things.
But Mount Hermon continues to be
the mountain of time and Israel
the country of the
clock of prophecies,
or anything that
can possibly happen
in the future of humanity is
reflected there like a mirror.
The water that is consumed in
Israel comes from Mount Hermon.
Mount Hermon also
represents the conflict
with neighboring countries--
situations that, at some point,
humanity has to overcome.
For some reason, the
extraterrestrials
chose that place to land.
And for some reason,
like I already mentioned,
Jesus of Nazareth also
chose that mountain.
>> So this crack in the
mountain, well, what is this?
>> (SPEAKING THROUGH
INTERPRETER) I'm speaking
of a subtle influence of energy
that every so often flows from
places like Mount Hermon.
I remember a passage in the
scriptures in the Bible,
specifically,
Ephesians 6, when it
speaks of war
among human beings,
it's not against entities
of flesh and bone
but rather against
celestial powers.
>> If these negative energies
are coming out of Mount Hermon,
are there any energies going
back into Mount Hermon?
>> (SPEAKING THROUGH
INTERPRETER) The cracks that
may be opened in Earth's time
portals are like a sponge
phenomena.
When a sponge is full of
water, you can squeeze it,
and the water runs out.
It's a crack that emits
energy or influence,
like we're seeing now.
But if you take the same
sponge and you put it in water,
it absorbs it.
So these cracks in time also
absorb our mental energy.
As a human species,
if our mental energy
is unorganized or dark, we keep
the anomaly, or crack, active.
The time portals, as I
call them on the planet,
and I'm referring to the great
time portals such as Mount
Hermon, when they enter
these periods of anomaly,
where they do begin to
filter some of the energy
that they have
trapped there, they
generate this phenomena
of recycling our emotions.
And it doesn't happen
like in the times of Jesus
when a very conscious being
like him can confront a portal,
not even with our
current technology.
It has to be through a
shift in consciousness
of a very important segment
of our world population.
If we stop feeding these cracks
with fear, concern, disorder,
violence, obviously, we will be
able to transform everything,
feeding the planet with a
higher, much more positive
vibration.
Mount Hermon, I want
to emphasize this,
is not a negative portal.
It's just a great portal in
time where very dramatic things
happened, like the
falling of angels,
the origin of the Giants,
and very illuminating events,
such as the
transfiguration of Christ.
In other words, portals
behave according to facts.
In this time in our history,
Mount Hermon in Israel
is a key to the times to come.
For example, there is
important symbolism
with the figure of Jesus.
It's believed that
when Jesus was born,
there was an alignment
between Jupiter and Saturn
that was very powerful
and could be seen
like a great light in the sky.
Saturn represents
Cronos, time, and Jupiter
represents the Great
Master, the teacher,
the one who brings order.
So a great teacher of
time had been born.
This is one of the
interpretations
of the Star of Bethlehem.
In my opinion, the
Star of Bethlehem
was an extraterrestrial
ship, but there was also
an alignment.
This just happened again.
It happens every so
often on our planet.
But for it to be
visible at night,
800 years had to
go by so that you
could see Jupiter and
Saturn meeting in our skies.
In the year of the pandemic,
we had a series of signs--
eclipses, the alignment
of Jupiter and Saturn,
the activation of
various volcanoes,
like Krakatoa in Indonesia.
Climate change is
also intensified.
And when all of these types of
signs are organized in a group,
it almost always coincides
with a time portal
functioning on Earth.
But a big one like
Mount Hermon, there's
a story that we
still haven't fully
understood about Mount Hermon
and the extraterrestrials
because there was an
agenda that was never
fulfilled-- that was interrupted
by these extraterrestrials'
mistake.
Then this army of
Giants appeared, putting
the human experience at risk.
It generated another
anomaly in our timeline.
Part of that history
that we don't know
is still closed
inside the library
of time of Mount Hermon.
That's all that I can say
on television about that.
>> So where do we go from now?
What's your thoughts on it?
>> (SPEAKING THROUGH
INTERPRETER) We don't know
exactly.
Usually, when a time portal is
emanating this type of energy,
it is generally for
short periods of time,
according to our perception--
a few years or
sometimes a few months.
While that is happening, the
world is turned upside down.
But it is also an
opportunity to listen
to get in tune with ourselves.
It's almost as if a
great library in Egypt
or another ancient country were
closed, with all its windows
and curtains
closed, not allowing
you to see inside that library,
and then suddenly something
happens and a curtain
was left open.
And if you approach
the window, at least
you can see from there what
books are inside that library--
at least those that are
close enough for you to see.
If your vision is
such that you are
able to see a book
open on a table,
possibly, you can even
read a fragment, a line,
from the pages of the open book.
That happens with the
great portals of time.
There are immense
libraries of Earth's events
that are humanly
impossible for us to read,
but you can at least comprehend
a sliver of that reality.
And for what?
Is it just out of spiritual
or intellectual curiosity?
Jesus himself gave the answer.
"I will give you knowledge.
I will give you the truth.
And the truth will
set you free."
Knowledge liberates.
>> Ricardo, thank you again
for being on the show.
It's always a pleasure.
>> (SPEAKING THROUGH
INTERPRETER) It's a pleasure
to be with you again, Emery.
>> My name is Emery Smith,
and this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.